TL improvement suggestion (#363)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_016.txt

			NULL, "\"Ahahahaha, it'll have a huge impact on the elderly folks, huh?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/yosiro10004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　なんせこの村じゃ若い子のこんな衣装を見かける機会、他だと学校かマニア向けの店くらいしかないからなぁ～！」",

> 			NULL, " To see young girls in costumes like these at this village, villagers have no choice but to go to the branch school or the stores mostly aimed at enthusiasts like here~!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " The villagers could only see young girls in costumes like these at the branch school, or at enthusiast shops like here~!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>詩音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Shion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600585", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「なんですか、キャッチバーみたいに失礼な。",

> 			NULL, "\"What's that? You're rude to liken here to rip-off bars.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"What's that? How rude to liken this place to rip-off bars.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600586", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だって人件費とか、衣装代とかなにやらが普通の店よりも割高ですからね。",
			NULL, " Considering the labor costs and the price of costume maintenance, it's bound to be more expensive than your average store.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600587", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "これでも結構、勉強してるんですよ？」",

> 			NULL, " It may not seem like it, but I've studied up on all this okay?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It may not seem like it but I've studied up on all this, okay?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"All right!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/yosiro10020", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　せっかく参加するんだみんな、今後綿流しといえばエンジェルモート、てなくらいに思いっきり盛り上げてやろうじゃないか！」",

> 			NULL, " Everyone's going to contribute! Let's make Watanagashi so exciting that Angel Mort becomes a synonym for it!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Everyone's going to contribute! Let's make Watanagashi so exciting that Angel Mort becomes synonymous with it!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	OutputLine(NULL, "あなたがどれだけ危うい状況にいたのか、頭ではわかっていたはずなのに。",
			NULL, " I should have known what a dangerous situation you were in.", Line_WaitForInput);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…私は、一瞬とはいえ時期をうかがう、なんて言って様子見に入ろうとしたんだ。",

> 			NULL, " ...Although for a moment, I tried to wait and see to watch for a chance.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...Although for a moment, I tried to wait and see, watching for an opportunity.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそして私は、できるだけ安心させたくて笑顔を作りながら、ゆっくりと首を横に振った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして私は、できるだけ安心させたくて笑顔を作りながら、ゆっくりと首を横に振った。",

> 			NULL, "Then I slowly shook my head, trying my best to smile and to comfort her.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Then I slowly shook my head, trying my best to smile and comfort her.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetLocalFlag(LConsoleArc)==10) {
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps2/05/210500819", 540, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「…倒れるもんか…！",

> 				NULL, "\"...I'll never give way...!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "\"...I'll never give in...!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps2/05/210500820", 540, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "　……私は、沙都子を連れて帰るんだぁッッ！！」",
				NULL, " ...I swear... I'm going to bring Satoko home!!\"", Line_Normal);
	} else {
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/vt4bc_rika1071", 256, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「…倒れるもんか…！",

> 				NULL, "\"...I'll never give way...!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "\"...I'll never give in...!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Too slow, too slow, too slow!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101437", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　レナのパンチに比べたら、一人スローモーションの超三流コント並みに止まって見えて間抜けだぜッッ！！！」",

> 			NULL, " You idiots, your third-rate attacks are like slow motion performance compared to Rena's punches!!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " You idiots, your third-rate attacks are like a slow motion performance compared to Rena's punches!!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "が、…少し前なら、これだけで足がすくんで動けなかったそれを、沙都子はすばやくかわしてみせる。そして、後ろ足の重心が一瞬浮きかけたのを見て取ると、そこに出足を引っ掛けてすくい上げた。",

> 			NULL, "...The Satoko in fear a moment ago could've gone weak at the knees, but she was able to quickly dodge it. And when his center of gravity shifted away from the bottom of his feet for a moment, she grabbed one and tried to lift it up.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...The fearful Satoko of a moment ago would've gone weak at the knees, but she was able to quickly dodge it. And when his center of gravity shifted away from the bottom of his feet for a moment, she grabbed one and tried to lift it up.", Line_Normal);
```

//rだって…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "だって…。",

> 			NULL, "Because...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "That...", Line_Normal);
```
